
  jbmgen
  ------

  This is a tool to generate the lib.jbm file, used to support the ARCLibrary 
  functionality on the Archos GMini 120 and 220 MP3 players.  Later players
  in the GMini series apparently do not need this file as the ARCLibrary 
  can function independently of a host computer.

  FAQ
  
  Q. Why is this needed?
  A. The Archos GMini MP3 players have a system called "ARCLibrary" - this 
     allows you to browse through your MP3s based on various different
     categories. For example, you can search by artist name, genre, etc.
     This is similar to functionality which exists on Apple's iPod.

     The catch is that for the ARCLibrary system to work, you must install
     a program on your computer called "MusicMatch".  This catalogs all the
     MP3s on your player and generates a file called "lib.jbm" which the
     player then uses. If you add an MP3 file to your player, it will not
     reappear in ARCLibrary until you rerun MusicMatch to update the library
     file.

     MusicMatch is proprietary software which only runs on Microsoft Windows.
     jbmgen is Free Software (in the Beer and Speech sense) which will run
     on GNU/Linux and possibly other operating systems.

  Q. Can you do x,y?
  A. The ARCLibrary system basically lets you build a tree of menus which you
     can browse.  jbmgen contains some extra things that MusicMatch did not,
     eg. it generates random playlists.  It should be fairly straightforward
     to add all kinds of extra functionality (ever wanted to browse by 
     file size or the ID3 "comments" field for example?)

  Q. What is this crazy language you have used?
  A. jbmgen is written in Ruby, a high level scripting language created by
     Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto.  See http://rubycentral.com/ for more 
     information.

  Q. Is this legal?
  A. Yes. Archos even released the technical specifications of the jbm library
     format onto Yahoo! groups.  There is a copy of this on the jbmgen 
     website.
  
  For more information, see http://jbmgen.sourceforge.net/

